How do I get away from like the the
desserts? Like I have a sweet tooth and
there's just certain times a day that I
can't get away from it. There's an
awesome way around this.
So
when I read all the messages that people
send to me, I often get the question,
how do I get away from like the the
desserts? Like I have a sweet tooth and
there's just certain times a day that I
can't get away from it. There's an
awesome way around this. So, what I do,
my wife and I, whenever we're out at
like a phenomenal dinner, we look at the
dessert menu. I shouldn't say whenever,
cuz obviously like one of the two of us
has like a photo shoot coming up. We
don't do this. She's a professional
model, by the way. So, when we go to a
nice restaurant, we make sure we look at
the dessert menu. And when we look at
the dessert menu, if there's something
on there that one of us tends to like,
we order it. and we ate the whole thing.
Now, keep in mind this is at super
high-end places that we know have great
desserts, like Michelin star
restaurants. And it seems wasteful, like
why would you go spend money on junk
food? It's because when you have the
best of the best of like a dessert type
of thing, you really can't go back and
eat like a Hershey's chocolate bar. Like
if you've had something amazing at a a
Michelin star restaurant, like you're
not going to have anything better than
that really anywhere other than there.
So like how often do you go to places
like that? Typically it's not even easy
to find places like that. Most cities
have one or two
restaurants that fit that description.
And it's not like you're going there all
the time. So what happens is you get
accustomed to only eating the best stuff
which you can almost never find. So now
you don't want it anymore. That's the
tool. That's what you do. Every time
somebody says to me, "Oh, you know,
don't you don't you want a piece of that
cake or something like that?" It's like,
"No, you know, I had a cake at whatever
last time I was in Vegas at Mastros and
it was the best thing I ever had and no
way that's beating it, you know, cuz
it's comes from the grocery store or
something like that." You condition
yourself
to appreciate something that's just hard
to find.
It's just from a mathematical
standpoint, you win.
If you have any comments about this, if
you want to tell me I'm wrong, tell me
in the comments. If you want to tell me
I'm right, also do that. Thanks, and
we'll see you on the next one. If this
video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.